hey everybody welcome back Sonoran lion
place defining classic at birth plus we
are just steamrolling these remaining
challenges with speed out of the way we
have I rule which we have not ever done
before it looks so easy it goes to mega
satan knows this is we take inventory
mom's knife with base stats guardian
shield oh it's I rule like high rule
like The Legend of Zelda I see ok I
remember this
I also remember this being not difficult
which I'm hoping is gonna add to the
streak of successful challenges in
videos here obviously I mean if we're
gonna get picky I did lose on the speed
challenge in the last episode but we
also won on the speed challenge in the
last episode it just took us a couple of
tries and if you're not gonna cut me
some slack on the speed challenge well I
just don't know what to tell you at that
point there are negatives that we have
here we start with the ladder as well I
just realized but the the big negative
is probably no item rooms
the second big negative is I hesitate to
even call it a negative but okay the
second like almost objective negative is
we have to go all the way to make a
Satan which makes this a little bit more
of a a tricky proposition the third
thing is that and this is more debatable
the boomerang just really isn't that
good it's not bad though it's not like I
can sit here and say that having the
boomerang is a detriment it's just a
space bar item that is not particularly
strong but in many ways it actually
suffers from the fact that our run is so
good that it doesn't get the flaunted
strengths as much because if our run was
worse than our damage was like garbage
we would probably end up using well that
was such a bad play on my part we'd
probably end up using the boomerang to
freeze enemies but instead we're just
never doing that because we don't have
to do that you know the the knife is
killing most enemies including
apparently champion rag man in one or
two hits so it takes us to five cents
which gives us a good crack at don't
take that out of context
it gives us a good chance a good
opportunity shall we say at getting a
deal with the devil on the next floor
and by deal with the devil of course I
mean arcade we also have a second secret
room with six red chests - spirit hearts
so not terrible puberty is fine perks is
okay oh you traded a bomb for two spirit
arts in a few flies the flies aren't
that valuable but either way it ended up
being a a unique second secret room
normally you end up with 12 red hearts
that you can't even pick up on this one
we were like a little bit more jazzed
right off the bat so this is one of
those weird it's kind of like I don't
want to be rude to this developers
because they've made a game that I
actually like loved and can play
indefinitely from now until the end of
time but it's kind of like a little bit
of a shoehorn challenge it's an
aesthetic challenge Wow I might actually
screw up my deal with the devil chance
but the the speed challenge as much as I
hate it and I think like a lot of it is
kind of poorly designed it's actually I
still have not ruined my deal with the
devil chance I'm so lucky it's still
like an interesting way to do the game
and I can say that now because of the
fact that I beat the challenge you never
have to touch it again so I don't really
have to put my money where my mouth is
you know what I mean
this is more like add these items are
like thematically semi related to one
another it's just it's not necessarily
unfun it's just a little bit on the easy
side because the items that are closely
related are not always well balanced for
one another like these are just too
strong you know if a sword is well
balanced it's very strong and forerun is
well balanced it's got positives and
negatives
this one is more positive than negative
without a doubt on planet earth so that
being said now that I've set myself up
for the easiest challenge of all time
let's find a way to end it in a negative
way for ourselves and make myself look
like a terrible player dude I
desperately needed that speed upgrade I
don't know why I'm walking into fire so
you know what it is speed challenge
hangover not saying that I should be
given card
launch forgiveness for any error I make
but think I am used to moving twice as
fast and it's kind of freaking me out
here
how is our HP right now by the way got a
little fast and furious oh we must have
well we only trained it to of it away so
we must have to read hearts and no
spirit hearts left right now or two red
hearts and a half of one spirit heart
left right I think we should have no
spirit hearts though please no curse of
the unknown one of the only things that
could actually destroy us we have one
and a half actually so kind of a scary
position but in that in doing this you
know this is a run that is long haul and
it's important to remember that on the
runs that only go to like mom's heart or
even to mom they do tend to be a little
bit easier cuz you know you haven't
gotten to the difficult part of the game
most of the time by then however if you
play as if it's gonna be a long run you
can sometimes create problems for
yourself just by virtue of the fact that
you know you take deals with the devil
pretty aggressively on an average run
and then you recoup the HP later or
recoup some sort of benefit later anyway
some of these runs if you go super
aggressive at the start you never
actually get a chance to recoup the
benefit before the run ends most of the
time that ends up not really being a
problem but it's just something to think
about so this one going all the way
means that being a little bit under
healthy I don't know what the word
there's got to be a more elegant word to
choose there but come on being a little
bit understated with respect to HP is
not the end of the world as long as you
survive
not great if you don't survive then we
start to have genuine problems you know
what this is a great opportunity to use
the boomerang for what it was meant to
do and it's also a great opportunity to
remember that you idiot you have the
Guardian shield or the Trinity shield
did you don't care en masse as Canadian
by the way
carry on my Annie Maas status treated in
the Matrix movies but yes we see the
thing is Trinity was carrie-anne moss
Karia mosses Canadian it fits into the
NL s s bid did you know X was Canadian
people probably knew carrie-anne moss
was Canadian I don't know maybe they did
maybe they didn't magic mush thank you
very much thank you very much more like
hmm
no fake laughs aloud cuz it causes my
voice illness to rise up again you might
think hmm
pardon me my thing NL's been sick for a
while not the case recorded a lot of
Isaac today so if I'm sounded better
dude I'm feeling better I so died first
off thank you for the compliment it's
not always the best you suffered through
a video and then people die sounds like
garbage I get that I do but at the same
time it's like well I guess I shouldn't
have done it at all I should have just
rested pills are em I don't know why I'm
talking like John Wayne but ya know I'm
feeling part from some congestion I'm
feeling like back to normal which is a
pretty snap recovery for uh for my
standards but I talked about that a few
episodes ago so we don't need to go down
that road again
really just eager to find the boss here
it's an excel floor so once we're done
with this floor we're pretty rapidly
approaching I wouldn't say the end of
the game but the next phase of the game
you know when we hit the womb and I
would like to go to the shop but I don't
need to do it on an amnesia curse of the
labyrinth kind of like take a quick pee
pup here and see if there's anything
that fits the bill but with no shop here
I will probably just vacate I expect
this to kind of be what an easier one to
tick off the list we're still better off
with the cancer trinket and another win
condition for us by the way that I have
not talked about is if we can just get a
high enough luck stat or a space bar
item like dull razor we should be able
to get a lot of black hearts which
basically I mean I don't want to say it
guarantees our survival but it makes us
much much more likely to survive
thank you trinity shield just by virtue
of the fact that i mean we have more HP
i was gonna get a little bit more
conversationally elegant than that but
it seemed unnecessary definitely did not
beat the odds but decreased rate of fire
as well as an extra spirit heart leaves
us very well equipped for the task at
hand sorry I was a little far away from
my microphone there hopefully it didn't
sound like I was in a glass case of
emotion Stephen is a totally adequate
and acceptable damage upgrade 1.69
it's the first damage upgrade we've
gotten all run so I'm not gonna turn on
my nose at it like the antagonists in
Avril Lavigne's magnum opus skater boy
did you know she probably knew she was
Canadian
that's my guess anyway I mean she always
talks about it in all her songs she's
like well I have to make everything so
complicated you know we're always saying
eh that's the Kamiya we're always so
nice and we're always saying eh and
we're just so friendly oh I went to a
fight in a hockey game broke out your
frickin hoser originally this bit in my
head was concocted with me just slowly
going insane getting increasingly
Canadian oh you want some extra sugar
with your double-double why don't you
just call it a triple triple a bud and
then I decided I don't have the my
illness wracked throat does not have the
energy with which to tackle that bit
with the tenacity it deserves
so that'll that'll have to wait for a
later day you've got a love blank card
and if we get an extra penny which I
know we will combine that with
strengthen it's pretty good toasted over
flames would be tasted quite nice I was
gonna say we want Emperor but I still
like I really do have like a hangover
from the speedrun in my head I'm like we
need to go fast there's two reasons we
don't need to go fast one is it is in
the speech challenge the other one is
we're on the depths 1 10 minutes and 15
seconds into the run so we're already
going fast and that's not really a
product of the run being the the
challenge being happening here or of me
playing particularly quickly it's just
the fact that we have mom's knife so you
know we're gonna tear enemies up pretty
easily plus we have no 1 cent of the
backtrack once we've gone to the shop
because there are no item rooms in the
first place so the faster we can hook up
our boss fight here the happier we
become
that was really dumb but it served the
purpose taking that damage served a
purpose it reminded me that I picked up
a thing so if we could find a way to
make that work into our plans then that
would be worth considering but for now I
mean I kind of struggling kommentera Lee
here not just because of a record a lot
of Isaac today to begin with but because
the Canadian bid went off the rails but
then also on top of that because of the
fact that the run is just good like it's
3hp
great rate of fire and mom's knife like
you didn't decent damage on top of that
as well but it ends up just being a run
that is good like you can't really say
that much more about it right now it's
not so outrageously strong that it's
above reproach but it's certainly not
the kind of run of which you can write
you know tomes and tomes it's like not
an elaborate meal but not so simple as
to be you know some jiro Dreams of Sushi
sort of stuff NL dreams of Isaac you
know more damaged and closer to spun now
you got a you got to question yourself
on this one so first I mean we got
plenty of time is the important thing
and you pop this and you see what this
guy's got for sale
I'm hoping that he might have battery
charges for sale but I'm scared come on
two hearts Joker card actually pretty
good blank card Joker is very solid I
think we're gonna strength up then and
I'm realizing now what do we care about
getting deaths touch it's it's mostly
irrelevant all he's done it that's a
stroke of luck we would have survived
probably no matter what but this is a
it's much nicer to get this I think
blank card a waz would allow us to
finish the run in like record time but
that's not on our to-do list what is on
our to-do list is getting there with
safety okay now that we got some extra
survivability I'm gonna take deaths
touch for the extra damage even though
it might seem like a little bit
unnecessary and they we went from like
why would we take it our HP is too low
and that's dangerous too why wouldn't we
take it we have so much HP that like it
would be a pretty big surprise to see us
die here
although I now realize that having
gotten rid of our strength card that's
not actually the case we under the
illusion of thinking we had a lot of HP
when we actually sort of don't and we're
under the illusion of thinking we had a
lot of damage when we actually sort of
don't I mean not bad damage but not
particularly good either this is pretty
much what we want right here a Krampus
fight anything is fine
we know we're gonna have a deal with the
devil because of the fact that we got
the blank our Joker which means that we
probably definitely did not need to take
Goathead but it means we could replace
this card with any other card as we see
fit and and may well do so um the here a
font please but this will we're kind of
in like a classic little mid-game limbo
here and to be in this limbo is a
privilege because it reminds me of non
challenge runs
you know take me home country roads etc
etc I'm feel in my wheelhouse now
not everything is crystal clear as to
whether or not this runs gonna you know
fulfill its Brown it and promise 100%
but that's the same thing with life man
life is ambiguous we don't know you know
one minute you could be on top of the
world one minute you could be even ham
out of a dumpster that might be top of
the world for you you know I don't know
how you choose to live your life but
either way you got to be comfortable
with the with the dice rolls that that
life may throw at you you know why
because you got no choice you can you
can steel yourself and brace for impact
but in the end you know the twists and
turns are gonna give you a whiplash you
just gotta go limp and let yourself lay
your body gets sucked out of the sunroof
in case of rollover look I don't know
what I'm talking about but the point is
as we slay these enemies we're gonna
teleport out of boss rush we already
know our deal with the devil's trash
because it has nothing in it nothing
that we haven't already taken uh I
actually like don't want to take damage
to pick up any of these I know that
seems like it's a bit of a you know
babies way out but none of the items are
that good with moms knife a couple of
them were really good if we didn't have
moms knife but none of them are that
good with moms knife and on top of that
yeah let's go nuts dude okay in
hindsight we shouldn't have gone nuts
there plus 0.79 damages in the whole
scheme of things actually like worth
noting okay so we just oh no not our now
stay strong this is real bad
stay strong um I mean this is what's
wrong NL I thought you was keepin it's a
knee I thought that's what you won't in
the end I'd overly aggressively trade it
into a bad deal with the devil and here
we are paying the price but we're also
not dead yet
I'll level with you I think there is a
nonzero chance I could go the rest of
this run without taking a single hit
some rooms it's really not even a
product of my own play right now some
rooms are just very tough draws to not
get hit on in particular uh this this
one shouldn't be too bad with that enemy
could take us out at the at the best of
times any enemy that I'm done yeah I
mean I got to accept that that's pretty
much my own fault I hate to do it but
I'll restart here that one burns me and
it's it feels bad to even say it's 100%
my own fault just way way way too
aggressive on that deal with the devil
but you know what it's alright it's good
to have that you know you are also
mortal moment and remind myself not to
play like an idiot see I told you what
did I tell you like 15 minutes ago as I
was setting this run up I was like now
that I've set myself up for the easiest
run of all time let's ruin it and make
it make it question my mental health or
something like that it ended up being a
product of two mistakes and
unfortunately for me those mistakes have
been very close together the first one
was I took dark matter when there was no
reason to take dark matter and in
hindsight that looks very foolish the
second one is walking on the spikes
immediately after taking dark matter
which is just silly because we literally
just walked through that room but either
way this runs shaping up weirdly we got
nine lives already a couple dad with a
strong chance at a deal with the devil
on the next floor we might be looking at
an early game guppy here well let's not
get ahead of ourselves calling this you
know a cause for an early game guppy is
maybe a little bit over the top already
yeah okay especially now but I'm gonna
take IV bag instead of boomerang because
I think boomerang is a bad space bar
item I think IV bag is actually an aid
to your space bar item I've come around
to it in a big way looks good
range is good let's head down to the
next floor I'm ready for whatever this
runs thrown at me
one thing I'm not leaving this video
without having completed I rule this
video will not end with I rule being
like on incomplete if it takes me 15
tries it's happening the reasoning for
this is extremely simple it's just
embarrassing they have to take more than
one crack at this in the first place
okay well you know what apparently one
luck is not quite as transformative as I
thought it was stay cool with the knife
here you know what you're doing with it
just gotta stay nimble keep you on your
toes stay frosty to those mean the same
thing probably HP please thank you
playing fast and loose with our HP
because losing a few lives heck losing
like eight lives on this early floor
probably is unlikely to make a
difference the best way to lose these
lives is Folgers in your cup but
actually the best way to lose these
lives would be to get really aggressive
on some deals with the devil that is of
the devil variety good enough we're
gonna go burn penny even though I want a
couple of different things in here yeah
yeah that's really good okay grab this
we can make this work so chaos is
excellent it's also a ladder which is
ironic cuz we already have it let me go
a little aggressive here cuz we're
getting wicked bombs sure I see what
you're saying
child's heart could be valuable with IV
bag
kind of a nasty get there okay blow you
up red hearts no red hearts plenty of
keys though excuse me sir uh okay I
think we have very little to worry about
right now we got a little less HP than
we started but with chaos plus nine
lives I mean the odds of getting a guppy
item now are through the roof and
actually it's really nice because our
deal with the devil chance isn't that
relevant anymore it does give you more
cracks at items but with every item in
every pool being scrambled we don't
really have any reason to pay attention
to deals with the devil more than
anything else in fact if anything we
have less reason to pay attention to
deals with the devil because they cost
us money but have the same pool as
everything else because that's HP I
should say but have the same pool as
everything else so it's not a great
choice I think at least damage would be
amazing
mom's contact is probably even better as
a standalone we will take PJ's just for
the spear and hard gain early on here so
it also gives us precedent we could have
gone for deals with the angel but in
fact you probably should have but here
we are so I see IV bag right now is kind
of like a bomb generator and maybe -
thank you I mean bless me maybe also a
luck generator I guess we should really
see it for what it is on the base level
which is a money generator and we could
use that for our space bar item purposes
and the shop purposes is what I mean to
say all right brain is shutting down
that's okay all we got to do is ride
this one to completion we got a lot more
HP a ton more survivability than we used
to have we will absolutely take sin
robes I know it seems like we're
probably making similar mistakes
I disagree I think sin robes is a
valuable pickup and I think all you need
to do is look at our HP to recognize why
even if it does sort of squander IV bag
IV bag has plenty of time to come back
and fulfill its its true purpose here
which is I don't know still is still
nebulous like the resolution to a George
RR Martin's story
locust of death is good sorry locust a
famine in fact it might not just be good
it might be really good even if our
flies are only doing like five I guess
it's ten point four damage per per fly
it's solid and enough to make a dense
even emboss HP I think I would also and
this is getting a little selfish at this
point but I wouldn't mind getting some
form of mapping on this run
[Music]
hopefully this still gives us a devil
item from the original pool because we
actually have the capability to just
destroy mega satan as is right now virus
is totally fine by me we already peeped
that we'll head down the next floor
alrighty alrighty alrighty we're in a
good spot virus is mostly for the spun
transformation I think at this point but
running into enemies and maybe getting
demon hearts it's not inconceivable we
have one luck just kind of like for
whatever reason feel more comfortable on
this run that I did on the last one
maybe because on the last one I gave
away all of my HP especially like after
saying that it's dangerous to give away
all of your HP on these challenge runs
but I digress it turns out your bully
isn't that bright easier to talk about
what to do from an optimal situation
than actually completed apparently not
gonna be opening golden chests I think
if you give me like a golden chest and a
little amuse-bouche on top of it I might
consider it but a golden chest just
alone not particularly interested
we're just gonna keep it moving here
because essentially we are good to go I
mean if we were doing this on a normal
run how would we feel right now we'd
probably be in the middle of some kind
of song parody for like you know Allison
chains dem bones or something like that
I feel so carry got mom's knife on my
challenge run in doo dee dee dee dee dee
doo dee dee doo dee doo doo yeah that's
two different songs now that last one
became love I rule is a challenge run
dude du couteau and that's like now is
in the air tonight for some reason um
hey I have too much money
give me a shop so I may spend my money
that was not a good way to handle that
we definitely do not need monkeys pop I
need to spend some of this because
that's like one of the main values of
having chaos is because we can get all
these amazing deal with the devil or
item room or boss term etcetera etcetera
or angel room for that matter items
anywhere particularly on shops I mean it
comes in handy on greed mode mostly but
it might just be because it's a little
closer in memory okay what have you got
for me nothing of value and it makes me
very sad
I was just gonna say mid concocting of
why it was a positive thing to use the
chariot there the virus actually came
out with some value because I'm all
about value
Burt campers got the mad hits you try to
match with you try to hold me but I bust
through there we go we finally got a
shop or at the very least a library
either one of which is actually worth
something cuz it's not like we're using
IV bag for anything
mr. dolly good enough head of the keeper
probably not good enough but I'm gonna
take it anyway and the two of spades
which eight keys should be more than
enough for whatever we need for the rest
of the game so we can take it which I
have to admit I was a little surprised
we could even fit it but I guess you've
taken more damage than I'd like to admit
recently you might find me the Smerch in
the good name of consumables and you
know what I was gonna concoct a reason
for why that I think that that's an okay
thing to do but that's a bad habit we
got one floor left where shop still
matter so we got nothing to justify here
you should just go back and do the right
thing keep your fundamentals strong this
man it would be so embarrassing to fail
a challenge like I rule I mean I died
but that was on my practice right oh you
guys didn't know about the practice run
every time you do a challenge you get
one free practice run usually I don't
televise them but on account of my
illness I thought okay did they buy it
deaths touch kind of oh you know what
disregard I was gonna say kind of bad
because of the speed downgrade but no
problem here dev Stu I got very little
kicking around in my brain the big thing
dude we have twelve twelve twelve the
big thing consumables that is kicking
around on my brain is some form of
mapping and maybe that's motivated by a
deep-seated impatience but
you know we got a long run ahead of us
nonetheless it basically goes to the
chest it mega satan runs it's hard to
remember but they probably tend to be a
little bit shorter than chest runs to
begin with because most of the time you
don't end up doing the rest of the rooms
on the chest so I would say that
probably around the same length as a
chest run at this point we're only on
the depths to 38 minutes in or so 30
minutes in okay well I'm clearly like my
internal clock is totally messed up
hello my glands I can only get away with
that excuse for like another 36 hours at
most
judging by my current trajectory so and
dude I'm not old I keep saying that
hopefully I'll be doing this career long
enough to one day say I'm a little old
if I got up in the mid 30s and and
beyond you start to I think you start to
accept that you're in the little old
category at that point I mean you're
young for like a CEOs age no question
but you know you're older than if you
were in the college class you would
probably have a good chance of being the
oldest person well it's a class Willis
60 year old ones yeah but I took classes
where like a 22 year old was the oldest
as well I say that with love I say that
as a person too at night classes you
know as we speak well not literally as
we speak well you know what I mean but
at that point you know if you're 35 and
you're in a college class if you look
around and you're like I don't see any
old dudes you're probably the old dude
and that's okay you know never never let
society keep you from bettering yourself
turned out to not be a golden decision
here but I'm no yeah we didn't take that
much damage but I'm at the point where
when I was younger if I got a if I got a
cold say like I'm 13 you get a cold when
you're 13 come home from school you feel
fine an hour later you got like the
sneezing and coughing you take the next
day off school you wake up the day after
that you're good like a hundred percent
now I'm like a cold is like a three or
four day thing for me and I'm still like
stunned when I get better not because I
think I'm never gonna get better but
because I'm like oh that's like not a
week of being addled by some you know
semi annoying affliction none of that's
good enough okay head down here I'm also
we didn't get really anything that I
asked for and that's okay but if I could
get a speed upgrade our speed is quite
slow right now we'd like to achieve an
upgrade of the speed variety please
whatever dude if we it was either that
or use a bomb and dodge like 30 shots so
none of them are good the wheel fortune
is like potentially good later because
if we make it to the chest we can use
that get one extra item before the mega
stand fight which we're still well
equipped for we just could use a little
bit more speed in case it's not
abundantly clear I think I'm also gonna
ditch locust of famine which like I'm
not gonna throw it under the bus
completely but a little bit of a whiff
considering like the value that I was
hoping it would bring instead we're
gonna roll mom's pearl which you know if
it even gives us one spear at heart I'm
a happy boy as such bad dodging okay
don't you forget about me and me in this
case is dodging don't forget about
dodging it was a roundabout way to say
that just a good way to get in a song
that everybody knows from the English
beat so did you forget all about dodging
hey George what have you changed there
dodging pot - just say me don't be
stupid Nigel the songs about dodgeball
if we remove Dodge Halladay net
slanderous just a slanderous impression
but I'm suggesting that the English beef
contains two members and they're named
Nigel and George the English beats
members they have infinity members Dave
wake Ling Nucci Cantrell Matt Moorish
Kevin King Shasha
min Quan Brad Engstrom ranking Roger
ranking junior fuzzy Townsend Oscar
Harrison Bobby Byrd mark Chico Hamilton
Andy Cox Everett Morton featured player
Saxa David Steele musical guest
Wesley McGowan and dave blockhead right
okay I was completely wrong also they
don't sing that don't you forget about
me don't you forget about me if I type
the lyrics in cadence to the words now
on that's the song by the Scottish rock
band Simple Minds I also see no Nigel
and no George so turns out I'm just an
idiot alright well I tried there there
may have been times in my past where
that kind of excursion would have
warranted either valuable information or
alternatively at least some vindication
that I was at least half correct but
that time I I took a gamble and I lost
it's how he's how she goes dude English
beat that save it for later that's right
save it for later I don't know the other
woods not home Zulu
it's from the Dumb and Dumber Sam now
dude though I'm going way back now I
think this actually might be a reference
to a tangent that I did like many
hundreds of episodes ago where I went on
a similar sojourn and ended up being
correct but I don't know at this point
I'm like 36 minutes in in the video my
brains starting to like melt down I'm
just begging for a speed upgrade it
doesn't have to be anything special
we got chaos we can have a little
literally the world's our oyster I'm
asking you can you give me like IV bag
we don't even have a good deal with the
devil shot here not that the pool is
really that exciting to begin with but
nice doing a lot of damage with the
knife here please yeah yeah that sort of
works no that dude here me out here
again not mad not mad
being mad on the internet is a cardinal
sin I'm too old for that however this is
like the worst design boss in this
freaking game it's a tiered delay
downgrade which is okay sure speed up
please
it gave us a speed-up all is forgiven on
planet earth the fact that that boss has
so many phases during which all you can
do is dodge turns it into like a puzzle
fight instead of Isaac which I'm not
bitter or anything but at the same time
if you could just acquiesce excuse me I
think we should go for it we need better
cars or would like better cars you know
there's no reason for us to be trucking
around with these like temperance cards
or Wheel of Fortune giving us one item
in a million years instead let's get
like one Emperor card makes up for not
having a speed upgrade for twenty
freakin lifetimes
I'll level with you you know you bully
tries to tell it like it is but maybe a
little bit of a positive spin
but this runs a little bit on that
wouldn't you say just a little bit like
too easy right now and there's just it's
the problem with moms knife when it
shows up on a regular run it's like the
emerging gameplay that drives me right
I'm stoked to get it cuz I'm like hey
another I was just like yeah I got hit
so far after I knew that I was gonna get
hit that it was there was like a lag
time it's like when you burn your finger
and you have a conscious thought like
that's gonna hurt I'm dumb and then the
pain sets in and you go yeah or like
when you cut your knife with or you cut
your finger with a kitchen knife when
you're chopping stuff and you go like
it's that blood oh it's like the exact
same feeling there dude I can't fight
this feeling anymore forgotten what I
started fighting for every barrel every
song now is just a weird like overkill
pastiche I could get to sleep
a sugu publication great song I'm
begging you game a forty-minute moms
knife mega satan romp mind you I did
kind of die earlier in the run so I mean
I have to accept that I've caused my own
problems there but what if I didn't you
know what I mean so we'll save the stars
card the stars card is like a little
it's like our little lottery ticket
there's a chance this could buy us a
little bit of speed on the cathedral for
now I'm just excited cuz like I know
we're not gonna get an item here but we
might get a deal with the devil and we
have as far as I'm concerned we can get
one item for free
we don't have permanent polaroid
invincibility to endeavor towards but I
would still get rid of one HP without
being
- cheesed about it and we could but
there's like no reason - so instead we
will we have the negative right we have
the negative so we should go down not up
that would have been terrible if we had
gone up there okay so that stars up we
teleported and it actually could be
quite a distance away here so it might
there's a fairly decent chance that
there's just took us closer to the dead
end in which case I'd be oh no my my
speed in which case I'd be fairly
disappointed but it's I mean that I used
the f-word there for a reason it would
be fair to have diamonds now worth too
much under most circumstances this isn't
that bad it does appear to be a dead end
but it's a dead end that was like two
extra rooms so what do we care we're
gonna have to come back here up to the
point where they intersect and then
that's fine keeping in mind we are very
close
Oh Lanta I'm playing pretty badly this
run as well but keeping in mind don't
have too much further to go we got nine
lives and I pray to God we don't have to
use them okay I got a little pep talk of
myself right now Northern Line there's
no reason to be taking this damage these
enemies you can almost justify it for
the other enemies there's just no case
to be made you have okay this guy you
should have moved admittedly but you
know you forgive yourself at that one
well with moms knife these enemies
should just be going down not so much
those ones there they're still annoying
mom's knife a damage seven damage we
should be doing better than this and
that's not a you know the game is
getting too hard that's a you're playing
like garbage so hold this strength card
the strength card is first and foremost
an augmenter to your mega satan fight
that can make things a lot easier
secondarily if you end up dying the
strength card doubles your effective HP
for the mega Satan fight which is
very very far from being insignificant
and the high priestess is good enough to
take for a rumor to hear you know take
it maybe stop Satan probably second
phase first phase should go down pretty
easily dude if we in a single a Fame
payout oh it was a theme the one that we
lost we have that virus payout so as
much as I'd love to be salty
unfortunately I can't
we should have stomped him oh my god
okay I'm letting myself and also like
planet Earth down what in the world was
that
did you see the foot I don't understand
okay we're free but very very frightened
I think it's fair to say what do you got
for me dry baby ten out of ten not even
really joking grab this we got our
strength card head down here copy items
two more of them please we're just a
butt ton of spirit hearts I'll accept it
dang health up that's pretty good pretty
fly also pretty good all right blow this
up for some good pills please 14 hour
energy not bad health up very good
justice yes our fill in those red hearts
please the moon strength we have to
strength cards so if we weren't
surrounded by big rooms I'd be much more
confident about this but because we are
surrounded by big rooms find myself
being mildly perturbed by the situation
at hand I'm gonna fight anyway the
reason I'm fighting it's because I want
to get one I want to fill up our hearts
as much as possible
wouldn't mind picking up some items but
I'll you know recognize that if we take
damage doing this we look like the fool
we got so so lucky with the the pills
that we got there that my sorry HP is
already full
okay disregard disregard we would look
like an idiot if it all went wrong is
what I'm trying to say not that we don't
look like a little bit of an idiot right
now but we would look like even more of
an idiot I think we're very well
equipped if you know what I mean
especially if we handle the enemies the
proper way and there is a proper way
particularly not all enemies are created
equal
we know which ones are we know which
ones are good and which ones are garbage
this one for example is good
unfortunately but not quite as annoying
as the the stages yet to come and the
chemistry of common life know also
pretty good but the strength card
nullifies a lot of the the danger of
fighting this guy so we're looking very
very strong now and I can't really say
much more than like a sincere thank you
to getting to HP upgrades out of five
pills or four pills so without those and
I really think even without like one of
them we might have just eaten it so rest
assured I have not forgotten how lucky
we appear to have gotten here you do you
have 10 times more HP than the other
angel statue and if so how have I never
noticed that before so this is where a
trinity shield is supposed to come
through in the clutch
just land that damage your smart guy
that was a good way to handle that
you've dotted okay there but for the
grace of Edmund and Tyrone go I cuz that
could have gone wrong and probably
should have and I'm a little embarrassed
at how close it came to slipping through
our fingers
but hey poker chip a trinket will never
use thanks for watching hope you guys
have enjoyed the episode if you think
with the like button I'll send a great
deal of course subscribe us more in the
future but for now thanks watching and I
will see you next time